Added note about servicing/apply update failures (#3595)
MicrosoftDocs/dynamics-365-unified-operations-public: articles/fin-ops-core/dev-itpro/deployment/updateenvironment-newinfrastructure.md

> [!NOTE]
> If there is an on-going operation in the environment, or if the environment is already running on the same version or a later version, the scheduled update is canceled. When a scheduled update is canceled, an email notification is sent to all project stakeholders. Customers can also cancel an update by selecting **Cancel** on the environment details page. If customers want to reschedule or change an update, they can cancel the current operation and schedule a new one.

### Apply Update Failures:

> For environments that are deployed in the modern infrastructure stack, if servicing is unsuccessful usually, the environment is automatically rolled back. To learn why the operation was unsuccessful, you can download the logs from the environment history page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For environments that are deployed in the modern infrastructure stack, if servicing is unsuccessful, the environment is automatically rolled back in most cases. To learn why the operation was unsuccessful, you can download the logs from the environment history page.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > For a small subset of environments where rollback may result in extended downtime (due to large database sizes), we intentionally put the environment in failed state to see if forward progress can be made to get that operation to finish successfully to avoid doing the rollback. If it is determined that the operation cannot move forward then the rollback is initiated on such failures as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a small subset of environments where rollback may result in extended downtime, such as when the database size is large, the environment is left in a failed state and internal alerts are raised to determine if actions can be taken to avoid performing the rollback. If the failed operation cannot move forward after manual evaluation, then the normal rollback process is initiated.
```
